Refactor Batch API docs (#10015)
arangodb/arangodb: Documentation/DocuBlocks/Rest/Documents/post_create_multiple_document.md

in the result. Only available if the overwrite option is used.

@RESTQUERYPARAM{silent,boolean,optional}
If set to *true*, an empty object will be returned as response. No meta-data 
will be returned for the created document. This option can be used to
save some network traffic.

@RESTQUERYPARAM{overwrite,boolean,optional}
If set to *true*, the insert becomes a replace-insert. If a document with the
same *_key* already exists the new document is not rejected with unique
constraint violated but will replace the old document.

@RESTDESCRIPTION
Creates new documents from the documents given in the body, unless there
is already a document with the *_key* given. If no *_key* is given, a new
unique *_key* is generated automatically.

The result body will contain a JSON array of the
same length as the input array, and each entry contains the result
of the operation for the corresponding input. In case of an error
the entry is a document with attributes *error* set to *true* and
errorCode set to the error code that has happened.

Possibly given *_id* and *_rev* attributes in the body are always ignored,
the URL part or the query parameter collection respectively counts.

> If *silent* is not set to *true*, the body of the response contains a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If *silent* is not set to *true*, the body of the response contains an array of
```

JSON objects with the following attributes:

  - *_id* contains the document handle of the newly created document
  - *_key* contains the document key
  - *_rev* contains the document revision

If the collection parameter *waitForSync* is *false*, then the call

> returns as soon as the document has been accepted. It will not wait

Reviewer: ```suggestion
returns as soon as the documents have been accepted. It will not wait
```
